Feat/improve invoice issuer (#74)
openfun/marion: src/howard/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Replace InvoiceIssuer by a more generic ReceiptIssuer

Reviewer: I think it's nice that it's generic for invoice and credit but it should still be called InvoiceIssuer (a receipt is completely something else...). A credit is a negative invoice... so the name InvoiceIssuer still makes sense.

Do you think it's possible to have only one issuer and test in the template to display "Invoice" or "Credit" depending on the case?

Author: Ok I'll revert the change name.
Yes of course I have to write this test that's why this PR is still work in progress.

Reviewer: By test I meant `{% if invoice.amount > 0 %}Invoice{% else %}Credit{% endif %}`
I didn't notice the lack of tests :stuck_out_tongue:

> - Create an utils module to share code throughout application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a utils module to share code throughout the application
```
